PSMDB-470 Extended the switch memory storage with data migration step… (#188)
percona/psmdb-docs: source/switch_storage_engines.rst

     $ service mongod start
     
  Wait for the node to rejoin with the other relicset members and report the
  SECONDARY status. 

  Repeat the procedure on the remaining nodes.
    
* for a standalone instance or a single-node replicaset, use the
  ``mongodump`` and ``mongorestore`` utilities:

  .. code-block:: bash

     $ mongodump --out <dumpDir>
     $ rm -rf <dbpathDataDir>
     $ # Update the configuration file by setting the new
     $ # value for the storage.engine variable
     $ # set the engine-specific settings such as
     $ # storage.wiredTiger.engineConfig.cacheSizeGB or
     $ # storage.inMemory.engineConfig.inMemorySizeGB
     $ service mongod start
     $ mongorestore <dumpDir>
 
Data at Rest Encryption
================================================================================

Using :ref:`psmdb.data-at-rest-encryption` means using the same ``storage.*``
configuration options as for WiredTiger_. To change from normal to :ref:`psmdb.data-at-rest-encryption`
mode or backward, you must clean up the ``dbPath`` data directory,
just as if you change the storage engine. This is becase
|mongod| cannot convert the data files to an encrypted format 'in place'. It

> mostly gets the document data again either via the initial sync from another

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must get the document data again either via the initial sync from another
```
I would bet this was my mistake in that google doc. Sorry about that - Akira

Author: Fixed
